The advancements in the field of synthetic content generation disrupt digital media communications, and pose new
societal and economic risks [1]. Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) [2], the variety of successor generative
models [3] and the latest breed of Diffusion models [4] are capable of producing highly realistic images that often
deceive humans [5], and lead to grave risks ranging from fake pornography to hoaxes, identity theft, and financial fraud
[6]. Therefore, it becomes extremely challenging to develop reliable synthetic content detection methods that can keep
up with the latest generative models.
The scientific community has recently put a lot of effort on the development of automatic solutions to counter this
problem [7, 6]. More precisely, the discrimination of GAN-generated from real images using deep learning models
has gained a lot of interest, although it has been found that such approaches struggle to generalize to other types of
generative models [8]. Synthetic Image Detection (SID) is typically performed based either on image-level [9, 10] or
frequency-level features [11, 12, 13]. Also, there are methods [14, 15] that analyse the traces left by generative models
to provide useful insights on how to address the SID task.
Recently, the utilization of features extracted by foundation models, such as CLIP [17], has been found to yield
surprisingly high performance in the SID task, with minimal training requirements [16]. However, these features are
extracted from the last model layer, known to capture high-level semantics. Instead, low-level image features deriving
from intermediate layers, which are known to be highly relevant for synthetic image detection [18, 15], have not been
explored to date, despite their potential to further boost performance. To address the SID task more effectively, we propose the RINE model by leveraging Representations from Intermediate
Encoder-blocks of CLIP. Specifically, we collect the image representations provided by intermediate Transformer
blocks that carry low-level visual information and project them with learnable linear mappings to a forgery-aware
vector space. Additionally, a Trainable Importance Estimator (TIE) module is used to incorporate the impact of each
intermediate Transformer block in the final prediction. We train our models only on images generated by ProGAN
(our experiments consider 1, 2, and 4 object classes for training) and evaluate it on 20 test datasets including images
generated from GAN, Diffusion as well as other (deepfake, low-level vision, perceptual loss, DALL-E) generative
models, surpassing by an average +10.6% the state-of-the-art performance. Figure 1 provides a comparison between
the feature space of RINE and that of state-of-the-art methods, for GAN, Diffussion and real images, showcasing the
discriminating ability of the proposed representation. Also, it is noteworthy that (i) we reach this level of performance
with only 6.3M learnable parameters, (ii) trained only for 1 epoch, which requires ∼8 minutes, and (iii) we surpass the
state-of-the-art by +9.4%, when training only on a single ProGAN object class, while the second-to-best model uses 20.