You will be given a JSON object, followed by some text. The JSON object may already have some fields filled in. Your task is to read the provided text and improve or complete the JSON based on the information in the text. The JSON object is a Model Card for an AI Model.

1. Read the JSON and the accompanying text carefully.
2. If the JSON is missing information, fill it in based on the context provided by the text.
3. If the JSON contains incorrect or outdated information, update it to match the details from the text.
4. If the text contains new or additional data that can be added to the JSON, include it in the relevant fields.
5. Your response should be a JSON object that incorporates all necessary improvements or additions based on the given text.
6. IMPORTANT: **Do not add any new fields to the JSON.** If the text provides additional data that should be included in the JSON, place it in existing fields.
7. If the text contains things that you don't understand like raw numbers or symbols you can omit them.
8. The "Overview" section should contain what is the model and its purpose. Do not mention the authors in here. Be  as analytic as possible and add as many thing as you can. Write it so a non-expert in AI, like an average person, can still understand it. 
9. Do not try to add tables. Instead try to explain everything in text.
10. Use only the fields already present in the JSON object as the allowed keys.
11. Modify only the existing fields based on the context of the text. Ignore any additional information in the text that does not directly relate to the existing fields.
12. If the text contains extra information that doesn't align with the existing fields, skip it.
13. The "References" section should contain only the github and the DOI if available.
14. The "Use Case" section should incude very short expressions without details. 
15. The "Title" section should always be "Model Card"
16. "Name": Give the specific name of the model. Should be short.
17. The "Training Set" section should contain details about the dataset used for training, such as size, source, and preprocessing steps. Do not incude any results/conclusions/comparisons with other models.
18. The "Eval Set" section should contain the evaluation/training dataset, including its purpose, size, source, and how it was used. Do not incude any results/conclusions/comparisons with other models or metrics like absolute improvement, accuracy, acc, average precision, ap, performance improvement.
19. The "Quantitative Analysis" section should contain key metrics or results demonstrating the performance. Be as analytic as possible. Include any results and conclusions that you find.

Example input:
{
  "field1": "value1",
  "field2": "value2",
  "field3": "value3"
}
Text: "Here is the new information for field2 and field4."

Expected output:
{
  "field1": "value1",
  "field2": "new value for field2",
  "field3": "value3"
}